
    DATA

        Of great importance in data science is the quality of the data's
        presentation and the ease of its use in direct software applications.
        There are quite a few things the canny experimenter/transcriber can do
        to ensure that the data is set up for ease-of-use by themselves and
        their collaborators. With this in mind, the following notes:

        1. It would be smart to use notation that is not application-specific.
        For example, it becomes difficult to interpret the data directly if
        attendence is tracked with "A (0/1)" rather than 0, mutatis mutundus
        "P (1/1)" and 1. For conversion into say, a CSV file that could be
        easily interpreted in python, it would be smart not to leave that up
        to R's particular default capabilities.

        Further, if you must use percentages (and I don't see why you'd need to)
        please make sure to put the percentage sign *directly* next to the
        number it's associated with --- otherwise, google sheets and every other
        reader will believe that the cell is a *string* and not a number, and
        thus throw errors at you when you try to do stats. Best to simply
        avoid using percentages anyway, you can multiply by 100. This was a
        huge pain to clean up.

        2. Data ordering should be done by the transcriber as much as possible.
        The data collected in this instance, for the grades, were out-of-sync
        i.e. the grades for quizes in week 6 were listed before those in week
        5, and the classes within the week were largely out-of-order.
        By some ill-fortune, it doesn't seem to be that there's a way to
        organize the columns automatically by header alphabetization, and so
        I had to do that manually.

        3. It is smart to keep a consistent scheme between data files. For
        example, in the data provided, the attendance sheets listed given names
        first while the grades listed surnames. It need not be this way.
        Similarly, highlighting or other demarking of the header-column is
        recommended especially for such large quantities of data.

    CODE

        Highly recommended that the experimenter write code with meaningful
        variable names and provide explanatory documentation, or even better,
        documentation featuring examples. For example, when loading in the
        ODS tables, it makes sense to demonstrate that the data must actually
        be at the end of the load path, not simply saved *somewhere* on the
        machine.
